bug: Removed --python flag dependency when --force is passed (#1306)
pypa/pipx: changelog.d/1304.bugfix.md

> Do not show `--python` flag warning when using `--force`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only show `--python` and `--force` flag warning if both flags are present
```
